Add type().min/max for enums (#11847)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/value-types.rst

Enums require at least one member, and its default value when declared is the first member.
Enums cannot have more than 256 members.

> Using ``type(NameOfEnum).min`` and ``type(NameOfEnum).max`` yields the smallest
> (always ``0`` at this point) and respectively largest value of the given enum.

Reviewer: Maybe move this after the next paragraph (then you also do not explain what `min` is)?

```suggestion
Using ``type(NameOfEnum).min`` and ``type(NameOfEnum).max`` you can get the smallest
and respectively largest value of the given enum.
```

The data representation is the same as for enums in C: The options are represented by
subsequent unsigned integer values starting from ``0``.

Using ``type(NameOfEnum).min`` and ``type(NameOfEnum).max`` you can get the
smallest and respectively largest value of the given enum.

.. code-block:: solidity

    // SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0

>     pragma solidity ^0.8.8 <0.9.0;

Reviewer 2: I think `^0.8.8` and `>=0.8.8 <0.9.0` should be equivalent? (with the exception of prereleases)

Reviewer: Especially with `^` the `<` is redundant.

>     pragma solidity >=0.8.0 <0.9.0;

Reviewer: This fails the test. Please try `^0.8.8` or `>0.8.7`.

        function getDefaultChoice() public pure returns (uint) {
            return uint(defaultChoice);
        }

>         function getLargestValue() public pure returns (uint) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        function getLargestValue() public pure returns (ActionChoices) {
```
